org/xbib/graphics/io/filters/GroupingFilterTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.filters.GroupingFilterTest
 org.xbib.graphics.io.filters.GroupingFilterTest$1
org/xbib/graphics/io/visual/PaintTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.visual.PaintTest
org/xbib/graphics/io/visual/FontTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.visual.FontTest
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/util/Base64EncodeStreamTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.util.Base64EncodeStreamTest
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/util/DataUtilsTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.util.DataUtilsTest
org/xbib/graphics/io/visual/StrokeTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.visual.StrokeTest
org/xbib/graphics/io/visual/TransformTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.visual.TransformTest
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/TestUtils.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.TestUtils
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.TestUtils$Template
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.TestUtils$XMLFragment
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.TestUtils$XMLFragment$FragmentType
org/xbib/graphics/io/filters/FilterTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.filters.FilterTest
 org.xbib.graphics.io.filters.FilterTest$1
 org.xbib.graphics.io.filters.FilterTest$2
 org.xbib.graphics.io.filters.FilterTest$3
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/TestUtilsTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.TestUtilsTest
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/GraphicsStateTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.GraphicsStateTest
org/xbib/graphics/io/visual/ColorTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.visual.ColorTest
org/xbib/graphics/io/visual/ClippingTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.visual.ClippingTest
org/xbib/graphics/io/visual/EmptyFileTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.visual.EmptyFileTest
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/util/ASCII85EncodeStreamTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.util.ASCII85EncodeStreamTest
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/util/GraphicsUtilsTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.util.GraphicsUtilsTest
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.util.GraphicsUtilsTest$1
org/xbib/graphics/io/visual/ImageTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.visual.ImageTest
org/xbib/graphics/io/visual/SwingExportTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.visual.SwingExportTest
org/xbib/graphics/io/visual/ShapesTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.visual.ShapesTest
org/xbib/graphics/io/visual/TestBrowser.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.visual.TestBrowser
 org.xbib.graphics.io.visual.TestBrowser$1
 org.xbib.graphics.io.visual.TestBrowser$2
 org.xbib.graphics.io.visual.TestBrowser$3
 org.xbib.graphics.io.visual.TestBrowser$ImageComparisonPanel
 org.xbib.graphics.io.visual.TestBrowser$ImageDisplayPanel
 org.xbib.graphics.io.visual.TestBrowser$ImageFormat
org/xbib/graphics/io/visual/CharacterTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.visual.CharacterTest
org/xbib/graphics/io/filters/FillPaintedShapeAsImageFilterTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.filters.FillPaintedShapeAsImageFilterTest
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/pdf/PDFProcessorTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.pdf.PDFProcessorTest
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/VectorGraphics2DTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.VectorGraphics2DTest
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/eps/EPSProcessorTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.eps.EPSProcessorTest
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/svg/SVGProcessorTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.svg.SVGProcessorTest
org/xbib/graphics/io/visual/AbstractTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.visual.AbstractTest
org/xbib/graphics/io/filters/AbsoluteToRelativeTransformsFilterTest.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.filters.AbsoluteToRelativeTransformsFilterTest
