org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/commands/SetTransformCommand.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.commands.SetTransformCommand
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/commands/SetStrokeCommand.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.commands.SetStrokeCommand
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/filters/StateChangeGroupingFilter.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.filters.StateChangeGroupingFilter
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/commands/TransformCommand.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.commands.TransformCommand
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/eps/EPSGraphics2D.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.eps.EPSGraphics2D
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/util/AlphaToMaskOp.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.util.AlphaToMaskOp
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/commands/SetFontCommand.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.commands.SetFontCommand
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/commands/ShearCommand.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.commands.ShearCommand
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/pdf/Resources.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.pdf.Resources
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/commands/SetPaintCommand.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.commands.SetPaintCommand
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/util/FlateEncodeStream.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.util.FlateEncodeStream
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/commands/DisposeCommand.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.commands.DisposeCommand
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/commands/RotateCommand.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.commands.RotateCommand
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/pdf/PDFProcessorResult.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.pdf.PDFProcessorResult
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/ProcessorResult.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.ProcessorResult
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/commands/AffineTransformCommand.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.commands.AffineTransformCommand
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/util/GraphicsUtils.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.util.GraphicsUtils
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.util.GraphicsUtils$FontExpressivenessComparator
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/util/VectorHints.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.util.VectorHints
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.util.VectorHints$Key
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.util.VectorHints$Value
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/commands/CreateCommand.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.commands.CreateCommand
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/commands/StateCommand.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.commands.StateCommand
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/GraphicsState.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.GraphicsState
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/util/ImageDataStream.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.util.ImageDataStream
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.util.ImageDataStream$Interleaving
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/util/FormattingWriter.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.util.FormattingWriter
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/commands/ScaleCommand.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.commands.ScaleCommand
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/commands/FillShapeCommand.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.commands.FillShapeCommand
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/commands/SetCompositeCommand.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.commands.SetCompositeCommand
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/eps/EPSProcessorResult.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.eps.EPSProcessorResult
module-info.java
 module-info
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/eps/EPSProcessor.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.eps.EPSProcessor
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/filters/Filter.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.filters.Filter
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/filters/GroupingFilter.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.filters.GroupingFilter
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/svg/SVGProcessorResult.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.svg.SVGProcessorResult
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/pdf/PDFGraphics2D.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.pdf.PDFGraphics2D
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/pdf/PDFObject.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.pdf.PDFObject
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/util/ASCII85EncodeStream.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.util.ASCII85EncodeStream
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/pdf/PDFProcessor.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.pdf.PDFProcessor
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/commands/SetHintCommand.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.commands.SetHintCommand
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/commands/TranslateCommand.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.commands.TranslateCommand
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/commands/Group.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.commands.Group
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/VectorGraphicsFormat.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.VectorGraphicsFormat
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/commands/DrawShapeCommand.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.commands.DrawShapeCommand
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/filters/FillPaintedShapeAsImageFilter.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.filters.FillPaintedShapeAsImageFilter
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/pdf/SizePayload.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.pdf.SizePayload
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/svg/SVGGraphics2D.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.svg.SVGGraphics2D
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/filters/OptimizeFilter.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.filters.OptimizeFilter
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/commands/SetClipCommand.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.commands.SetClipCommand
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/pdf/Payload.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.pdf.Payload
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/commands/DrawStringCommand.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.commands.DrawStringCommand
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/util/Base64EncodeStream.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.util.Base64EncodeStream
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/commands/SetXORModeCommand.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.commands.SetXORModeCommand
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/commands/SetColorCommand.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.commands.SetColorCommand
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/Command.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.Command
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/VectorGraphics2D.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.VectorGraphics2D
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/pdf/GeneratedPayload.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.pdf.GeneratedPayload
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/util/LineWrapOutputStream.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.util.LineWrapOutputStream
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/util/DataUtils.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.util.DataUtils
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/Processor.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.Processor
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/commands/DrawImageCommand.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.commands.DrawImageCommand
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/filters/AbsoluteToRelativeTransformsFilter.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.filters.AbsoluteToRelativeTransformsFilter
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/svg/SVGProcessor.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.svg.SVGProcessor
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/PageSize.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.PageSize
org/xbib/graphics/io/vector/commands/SetBackgroundCommand.java
 org.xbib.graphics.io.vector.commands.SetBackgroundCommand
