org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/PngReaderFilter.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.PngReaderFilter
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.PngReaderFilter$1
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/pixels/PixelsWriterDefault.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.pixels.PixelsWriterDefault
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/IBytesConsumer.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.IBytesConsumer
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/ScanlineProvider.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.ScanlineProvider
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkMultiple.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkMultiple
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/ChunkCopyBehaviour.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.ChunkCopyBehaviour
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.ChunkCopyBehaviour$1
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/pixels/PixelsWriterMultiple.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.pixels.PixelsWriterMultiple
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/RasterShortABGRProvider.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.RasterShortABGRProvider
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkIEND.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkIEND
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngMetadata.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngMetadata
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngMetadata$1
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkSingle.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkSingle
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/Deinterlacer.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.Deinterlacer
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/RowInfo.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.RowInfo
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/pixels/DeflaterEstimatorLz4.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.pixels.DeflaterEstimatorLz4
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/PngjOutputException.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.PngjOutputException
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/RasterByteSingleBandSkippingBytesProvider.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.RasterByteSingleBandSkippingBytesProvider
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/ChunkSeqReaderPng.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.ChunkSeqReaderPng
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.ChunkSeqReaderPng$1
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/PngReaderByte.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.PngReaderByte
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkSTER.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkSTER
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/IImageLineFactory.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.IImageLineFactory
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/PngWriterHc.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.PngWriterHc
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/IImageLineSetFactory.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.IImageLineSetFactory
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkPLTE.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkPLTE
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/PngHelperInternal2.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.PngHelperInternal2
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/RasterByteSingleBandProvider.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.RasterByteSingleBandProvider
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/ChunkReader.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.ChunkReader
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.ChunkReader$ChunkReaderMode
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/ChunkFactory.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.ChunkFactory
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/RasterByteRepackSingleBandProvider.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.RasterByteRepackSingleBandProvider
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/RasterByteGrayAlphaProvider.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.RasterByteGrayAlphaProvider
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/pixels/CompressorStreamLz4.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.pixels.CompressorStreamLz4
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkICCP.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkICCP
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/RasterByteABGRProvider.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.RasterByteABGRProvider
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunk.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunk
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunk$ChunkOrderingConstraint
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/ScanlineCursor.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.ScanlineCursor
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/ChunkPredicate.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.ChunkPredicate
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/ChunksListForWrite.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.ChunksListForWrite
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.ChunksListForWrite$1
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/pixels/DeflaterEstimatorHjg.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.pixels.DeflaterEstimatorHjg
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/ImageInfo.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.ImageInfo
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/PngjBadSignature.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.PngjBadSignature
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/ImageLineInt.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.ImageLineInt
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.ImageLineInt$1
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkIDAT.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkIDAT
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/IdatChunkWriter.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.IdatChunkWriter
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/PngjPrematureEnding.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.PngjPrematureEnding
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/ImageLineByte.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.ImageLineByte
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.ImageLineByte$1
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/PngReaderApng.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.PngReaderApng
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.PngReaderApng$1
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/ChunksList.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.ChunksList
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.ChunksList$1
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.ChunksList$2
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.ChunksList$3
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/IImageLineSet.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.IImageLineSet
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/ChunkSeqSkipping.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.ChunkSeqSkipping
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.ChunkSeqSkipping$1
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/IImageLineArray.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.IImageLineArray
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/PngjException.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.PngjException
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/ErrorBehaviour.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.ErrorBehaviour
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/ChunkSeqBuffering.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.ChunkSeqBuffering
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/BufferedStreamFeeder.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.BufferedStreamFeeder
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/PngReaderInt.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.PngReaderInt
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/PngjExceptionInternal.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.PngjExceptionInternal
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/PngjUnsupportedException.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.PngjUnsupportedException
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/ImageLineSetDefault.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.ImageLineSetDefault
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.ImageLineSetDefault$1
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.ImageLineSetDefault$1$1
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/RasterShortGrayAlphaProvider.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.RasterShortGrayAlphaProvider
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/ChunkLoadBehaviour.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.ChunkLoadBehaviour
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/ImageLineHelper.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.ImageLineHelper
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/IPngWriterFactory.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.IPngWriterFactory
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngBadCharsetException.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngBadCharsetException
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/AbstractScanlineProvider.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.AbstractScanlineProvider
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/PngjBadCrcException.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.PngjBadCrcException
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/RasterIntABGRProvider.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.RasterIntABGRProvider
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/PngjInputException.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.PngjInputException
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkUNKNOWN.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkUNKNOWN
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkTEXT.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkTEXT
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkITXT.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkITXT
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/ScanlineProviderFactory.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.ScanlineProviderFactory
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/IChunkFactory.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.IChunkFactory
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkZTXT.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkZTXT
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/DeflatedChunksSet.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.DeflatedChunksSet
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.DeflatedChunksSet$State
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkTextVar.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkTextVar
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkTextVar$PngTxtInfo
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/RasterShortSingleBandProvider.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.RasterShortSingleBandProvider
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/pixels/CompressorStreamDeflater.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.pixels.CompressorStreamDeflater
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/pixels/CompressorStream.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.pixels.CompressorStream
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/FilterType.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.FilterType
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/IImageLine.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.IImageLine
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkHIST.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkHIST
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/DeflatedChunkReader.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.DeflatedChunkReader
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/pixels/PixelsWriter.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.pixels.PixelsWriter
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.pixels.PixelsWriter$1
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/pixels/FiltersPerformance.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.pixels.FiltersPerformance
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.pixels.FiltersPerformance$1
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/PNGWriter.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.PNGWriter
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/PngHelperInternal.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.PngHelperInternal
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkSRGB.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkSRGB
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkGAMA.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkGAMA
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkIHDR.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkIHDR
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkOFFS.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkOFFS
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/ChunkRaw.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.ChunkRaw
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkBKGD.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkBKGD
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/ChunkHelper.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.ChunkHelper
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.ChunkHelper$1
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkPHYS.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkPHYS
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkSBIT.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkSBIT
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/ChunkSeqReader.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.ChunkSeqReader
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.ChunkSeqReader$1
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.ChunkSeqReader$2
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkFCTL.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkFCTL
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkCHRM.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkCHRM
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkFDAT.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkFDAT
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkSPLT.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkSPLT
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkACTL.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkACTL
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/PngReader.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.PngReader
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/PngWriter.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.PngWriter
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkTRNS.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkTRNS
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/IdatSet.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.IdatSet
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.IdatSet$1
org/xbib/graphics/imageio/plugins/png/pngj/chunks/PngChunkTIME.java
 org.xbib.graphics.imageio.plugins.png.pngj.chunks.PngChunkTIME
